=head1 NAME

AnyEvent::FlashSocketPolicy - Asynchronous socket policy file server for a flash socket connection.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  use AnyEvent::FlashSocketPolicy;
  my $server = AnyEvent::FlashSocketPolicy->new(
      permitted_cross_domain_policies => 'master-only',
      domain => '*',
      to_ports => '5000',
  );
  $server->run;

  Or just like this.

  % flash-socket-policy-server --domain-policy=master-only --domain='*' --to-ports=5000 &


=head1 DESCRIPTION

AnyEvent::FlashSocketPolicy is a simple asynchronous socket policy file server with AnyEvent::Socket.

It is faster than adobe's one which using inetd, and flexibly customizable.

=head1 METHODS

=head2 new(%options)

Create flash socket policy file server.

    my $server = AnyEvent::FlashSocketPolicy->new(
        permitted_cross_domain_policies => 'master-only',
        domain => '*',
        to_ports => '5000',
    );

Available options are:

=over

=item permitted_cross_domain_policies

=item domain

=item to_ports

=item port

=item policy

=back

=head2 run

Start the server.

=head1 DEPENDENCIES

=over

=item L<Any::Moose>

=item L<AnyEvent>

=item L<AnyEvent::Handle>

=item L<AnyEvent::Socket>

=item L<Getopt::Long>

=item L<Pod::Usage>

=item L<Text::MicroTemplate>

=item L<Try::Tiny>

=back

=head1 TODO

=over

=item Logging

=item Exception handling

=item Support reading existing files.

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

keroyonn E<lt>keroyon@cpan.orgE<gt>

=head1 SEE ALSO

=over

=item L<AnyEvent::Socket>

=back

=head1 LICENSE

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.


=cut

